Add --action for mc undo (#1133)
minio/docs: source/reference/minio-mc/mc-undo.rst

   The full path to the object or prefix where the command should run.
   The path must include the :ref:`ALIAS <minio-mc-alias>`, bucket, and prefix or object name.

.. mc-cmd:: --action
   :optional:

   Undo the most recent change of the specified type.
   Accepted values are ``DELETE`` or ``PUT``.

   By default, :mc:`mc undo` reverses both ``DELETE`` and ``PUT`` operations.
   Use :mc-cmd:`~mc undo --action` to choose one or the other, but only for the most recent operation of the specified type.

>    The following command undoes the most recent ``PUT`` for the file ``today.zip`` in bucket ``data``:

Reviewer: Maybe? `undoes` feels ... awkward?

```suggestion
   The following command reverses the most recent ``PUT`` operation for the file ``today.zip`` in bucket ``data``:
```

Author: The existing text uses `undoes` but yeah I was wondering about that. I think I should revisit throughout.

   .. code-block:: shell
      :class: copyable

      mc undo myminio/data/today.zip --action "PUT"

>    This example undoes the most recent ``DELETE`` for the prefix ``archive`` and any child objects:

Reviewer: Replacing `undoes` here, too, if you want.
Also, makes this one phrased similarly to the one above with an expansion of the recursive part of the command explanation.

```suggestion
   The following command reverses the most recent ``DELETE`` operation for the prefix ``archive`` and, recursively,  any child objects of the prefix:
```

   .. code-block:: shell
      :class: copyable

>       mc undo myminio/data/today.zip --action "PUT"

Reviewer: Probably don't need this copy/paste line for example 2.

Author: 👍🏻 oops!
